---
layout: post
title: "Feeling 22"
date: 2017-09-18
categories: writing
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AgFeZr5ptV8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

There was no breakfast at midnight, I dressed like a hipster but I live in Cali so that wasn't that different. So maybe I didn't do the traditional T-Swift 22 send off. But its alright, I did 22 like me, pretty much the same way I did 21 and probably the same way I'll do 23. 

Honestly nothing feels that different, it was more like just another day. Yes it was a day with more cheesecake than normal and the cards are lovely, but thinking about the question do I FEEL older I realize that I feel older for a lot of reasons that have nothing to do with 22.

Over the last year I have crossed the pond, gone through a breakup, written a thesis, been rejected from over 20 jobs, graduated college, gotten a job, signed my first lease, and finally moved across the country to a city I had never been to with people I had never met to start a job at the poverty level in a field I didn't know if I was qualified for. Feeling older wasn't really a choice after all that, it just happened. 

But its not that I feel as if my life has slipped by, and I still by no means feel like a real adult, I've just noticed a few changes in my attitude towards life...

+ Less patience for BS
+ Greater appriciation for tacos
+ Increased ability to be present
+ Fewer late nights
+ Longer phone calls home
+ More self care
+ More desire for real connection
+ Less worry about others opinions of me

There's more thats changed, and I'm sure I'll wake up in another month or year and see a whole other slew of attitudes that have been shaped by my experiences. Now I"m not always mature, I still worry too much, and there's a lot I have to learn, but my 22 is going to be more than just breakfast and hipsters, that much I know already.
